<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_batch_translate">
  <title>Batch Translating Slices</title>
  <shortdesc>Translate multiple audio slices at once using AI.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>You must have audio slices with transcriptions but missing translations.</p>
    </prereq>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Navigate to the <uicontrol>Translation Manager</uicontrol> page.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The page displays a count of slices missing translations and a table listing them.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Review the list of pending items to confirm they are ready for translation.</cmd>
        <info>Each row shows the original English text and a "Pending" status badge.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Click the <uicontrol>Translate All</uicontrol> button.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The button shows a loading spinner while the AI processes the translations.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Wait for the batch translation to complete.</cmd>
        <info>Processing time depends on the number of items. Each slice is translated individually by the AI.</info>
        <stepresult>Successfully translated items are removed from the list. A success message appears in the console.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    
    <result>
      <p>All processed slices now have Chinese translations and are ready for review in the Daily Review system. If all items were translated successfully, the page shows an empty state with a checkmark.</p>
    </result>
    
    <postreq>
      <p>After batch translation, you may want to review individual translations for accuracy by editing them in the Audio Slicer or during Daily Review sessions.</p>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
