<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_daily_review">
  <title>Completing a Daily Review Session</title>
  <shortdesc>Practice your audio slices using the flashcard review interface.</shortdesc>
  <taskbody>
    <prereq>
      <p>You must have audio slices with translations to review. Slices become available for review based on their scheduling.</p>
    </prereq>
    
    <steps>
      <step>
        <cmd>Navigate to the <uicontrol>Daily Review</uicontrol> page from the main menu.</cmd>
        <stepresult>The Review Board displays your due cards in a carousel layout.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Press <uicontrol>Space</uicontrol> or click the play button to listen to the audio.</cmd>
        <info>Listen carefully to the pronunciation and try to understand the content.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Read the translation displayed on the card.</cmd>
        <info>If the translation is missing or incorrect, click on it to edit directly.</info>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Press <uicontrol>Enter</uicontrol> or click <uicontrol>Show Answer</uicontrol> to reveal the original English text.</cmd>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Rate your recall:</cmd>
        <choices>
          <choice>Click <uicontrol>Forgot</uicontrol> (or press <uicontrol>1</uicontrol>) if you couldn't recall it</choice>
          <choice>Click <uicontrol>Good</uicontrol> (or press <uicontrol>2</uicontrol>) if you remembered correctly</choice>
        </choices>
        <stepresult>The card advances and the next due card appears.</stepresult>
      </step>
      <step>
        <cmd>Continue until all due cards are completed.</cmd>
        <stepresult>A celebration screen appears when you finish all reviews.</stepresult>
      </step>
    </steps>
    
    <result>
      <p>Your review progress is saved automatically. Cards marked "Good" advance to higher boxes and will be scheduled for later review. Cards marked "Forgot" return to Box 1 for more frequent practice.</p>
    </result>
    
    <postreq>
      <simpletable>
        <sthead>
          <stentry>Key</stentry>
          <stentry>Action</stentry>
        </sthead>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Space</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Play/pause audio</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>Enter</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Reveal answer / Mark as Good</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>1</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>←</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Mark as Forgot</stentry>
        </strow>
        <strow>
          <stentry><uicontrol>2</uicontrol> or <uicontrol>→</uicontrol></stentry>
          <stentry>Mark as Good</stentry>
        </strow>
      </simpletable>
    </postreq>
  </taskbody>
</task>
